We're getting to the point. We've we've
hit I think my opinion
we've hit the last programming language
you'll ever need. We're done. And the
programming language is your native
tongue or English because I speak that
or you know Portuguese or whatever
whatever language you're speaking that
is the end of the that's that is the end
game. If you can get to that level and
talk to a computer with whatever you
understand,
>> we're done.
>> There's not another needed abstraction
layer of language. We've hit the end. So
I think the prediction here is we've
landed at the final programming language
that we need. And now what's going to
happen is we're going to just continue
to talk to the computers. And from there
we're going to remove all abstracted
layers of code and programming. It's
going to be gone in like a year, two
years, five years. We're not far away
from this, I don't think. So, what do
you think?